---
layout: default
title:  "UPDATED UPDATES!"
date:   2024-08-6 11:00:00 +0200
categories: jekyll update
excerpt: "A NOTICE ON SITE UPDATES"
image: /assets/images/rambosson.jpg
---
<style>
del {
text-decoration-style: wavy;
}
</style>

**This article was originally posted on 15/7**

**This article was updated on 22/7**

I am happy to share that the main objectives for the first month have been reached. Now I will proceed with a little bit of _labor limae_ in order to keep on the website only quality material.
By the end of this summer I plan to study a couple of very interesting books, and to ameliorate the website with new pages & features. 

I have decided not to publish some articles because I deemed the underlying projects to be still too basic (but everything's on GitHub!)

Aside for the projects listed I am planning to work on two bigger analytical projects:
1) Predicting the outcome of US elections using Bayesian methods.
2) Dealing with a sales-customers dataset and see how to reallocate products depending on profits and predicting the sales.
I will try to produce them by the end of the month, the work will be carried out on GitHub. The second should be the simplest in terms of libraries and code, the first will require a more in depth study of the US electoral system and 
more advanced libraries.

# FOR KALMAN (within this and next week): **UPDATED (SOME REFINEMENT TO COME, BUT ESSENTIAL ELEMENTS ALL AVAILABLE)**
\
\
-<del>Full code on GitHub.</del> **UPDATED**
\
\
-<del>More in depth explanation and some more intuitions (with the aim of presenting more advanced filters).</del>  **UPDATED**
\
\
-<del>Some references.</del> **UPDATED**


# IN GENERAL I AM PLANNING (next two-four weeks):
\
\
-<del>A more responsive website with formulas that become smaller depending on screen. Almost there! first experience with mathjax</del> **UPDATED**
\
\
-<del>A new article on particle filters. </del>**SHIFTED TO POSTERIOR DATE: I am waiting for a book and I have discovered new resources**
\
\
-<del>A new article introducing asyncronous programming vs. multithreading (with some mythbusting on python) vs. multiprocessing.</del> **UPDATED, included a remark and a paragraph in the article below**
\
\
-<del>A project-only article of an asyncronous sitemap generator with full code.</del> **UPDATED code available [HERE](https://github.com/Gabriele-Donato/website-materials-/tree/Scraping/Asynchronous_Sitemap_Generator)**
\
\
-<del>A new article with applied project using PySpark and Kafka</del> **[FULL PIPELONE ON GITHUB](https://github.com/Gabriele-Donato/website-materials-/tree/DataEngineering) Project: a sytem to continuously collect and clean data from the "Institute for the Study of War", to be analysed in a future article. Decided not to write an article about this because too basic**


# HOPEFULLY IN THE UPCOMING MONTHS (next two-three months):
\
\
-A new article of my experience at ISBA 2024 with particular reference to techniques of historical prior elicitation (Bayesian framework). 
\
\
-A new section including the upcoming works and useful resources. **section created, it will be populated soon**
\
\
-A comment section under each article.
\
\
-An extension of the Kalman filter + article on particle filters.



